connected clusters roles introduced in ecloud docs (#5897)
elastic/docs-content: deploy-manage/users-roles/cloud-organization/user-roles.md

Reviewer: We need to add ECE, ECK, and self here since we're talking about connected clusters

Author: Adding them, good point. But one question, if we have all deployment types specified... shouldn't we change that to `stack: ga`?

Author: I have a bit of mixed feelings here.... maybe we should change all "Manage cloud organization" docs and make them applicable to all deployment types? (stack). Including billing, etc....

Because ECK or self-managed users, if they want to use connected services, they have to become Elastic Cloud users and take care of the organization entirely, even if they are not using ECH deployments or Serverless projects.

@shainaraskas , thoughts?

I think technically speaking @wajihaparvez is right, but it depends a bit on the point of view and how flexible we are with concepts.

Author: Maybe this is something we could address in a next iteration and for the moment we leave this page with `applies_to: stack` per the suggestion.

Reviewer 2: I think we should avoid touching as many pages as possible. what this actually points to is a missing generic `elastic cloud` tag imo

Author: yeah, totally agreed. That's why I also mentioned this depends a bit on the point of view, as ECH and Serverless could both indirectly mean "Elastic Cloud".

Author: let's revert that change for the moment then, and we can review this at a later stage.
cc: @wajihaparvez

  - https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/cloud/current/ec-user-privileges.html
  - https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/serverless/current/general-manage-organization.html
applies_to:

>   stack: ga

Reviewer 2: If we do this, I think we need to be more clear about the access you can grant in the overview and the applicable deployment types. we also will need to link to the user management pages for those types from here

I think it's the right choice, but has some implications because we'll be sending signal to the other deployment types that they're in the right place when mostly they won't be

Reviewer 2: maybe "types of roles" gets moved up and gets deployment info

Author: reverting change for now, we could review this at a later stage. IMO these pages are purely for Elastic CLoud users, assuming users using Elastic Cloud Connected Services are also considered Elastic Cloud users (although not ECH neither Serverless)

1. Log in to [{{ecloud}}](https://cloud.elastic.co?page=docs&placement=docs-body).
2. From the navigation menu, select **Organization** > **Members**.
3. Select the user on the **Members** tab of the **Organization** page.
4. Click **Edit** to change the user's roles.

:::{note}
The ability to view and manage role assignments depends on your roles and scope. **Organization owners** can manage role assignments for all members, while members with the **Admin** role can only manage assignments for deployments or projects within their scope.

Role assignments and resources outside your scope are not visible.
:::

## Types of roles

There are three categories of roles you can assign to users:

> * **Organization-level roles:** These roles apply to the entire organization and are not specific to any serverless project or hosted deployment.

Reviewer 2: this should probably say "resource" because it covers cloud connected too

```suggestion
* **Organization-level roles:** These roles apply to the entire organization and are not specific to any resource.
```

### Connected cluster access roles [ec_connected_cluster_access_roles]

These roles apply when your organization uses [Cloud Connect](/deploy-manage/cloud-connect.md) to link self-managed, {{ece}}, or {{eck}} clusters to {{ecloud}} services. Role assignments can be scoped to all connected clusters in the organization or to specific clusters.

The predefined roles for connected clusters are:

* **Admin**: Members assigned this role for all connected clusters can connect new clusters to the organization or disconnect existing ones.

* **Viewer**: Provides read-only access to {{ecloud}} services that interact with connected clusters.

The exact permissions granted by **Admin** and **Viewer** depend on the {{ecloud}} service used with Cloud Connect. For [AutoOps](/deploy-manage/monitor/autoops.md), refer to [{{ecloud}} roles for AutoOps](/deploy-manage/monitor/autoops/cc-manage-users.md#assign-roles).

:::{note}

> As [Cloud Connect](/deploy-manage/cloud-connect.md) integrates with more services, refer to each service’s documentation for role-specific permissions. The role names in {{ecloud}} remain consistent.

Reviewer: Just to be consistent with how we phrase this in the other Cloud Connect docs
```suggestion
As more services become available for use with [Cloud Connect](/deploy-manage/cloud-connect.md), refer to each service’s documentation for role-specific permissions. The role names in {{ecloud}} remain consistent.
```

## Role scopes [ec-role-scoping]

> Roles are assigned to every member of an organization. Depending on the role type, assignments can be scoped to specific {{ech}} deployments or {{serverless-full}} projects, or to all resources of a given type. When a role is scoped to all resources, it grants permissions on all existing and future resources of that type.

Author: @shainaraskas : this is the sentence that in the future could just go to the intro of "role types" (or to the main intro), to be able to remove this section entirely, as it feels completely redundant now.

Reviewer 2: if we're keeping it for now, it also needs cloud connected in it

## Role scopes [ec-role-scoping]

Roles are assigned to every member of an organization. Depending on the role type, assignments can be scoped to specific {{ech}} deployments or {{serverless-full}} projects, or to all resources of a given type. When a role is scoped to all resources, it grants permissions on all existing and future resources of that type.

This list describes the scope of the different roles:

* **Organization owner**: This role is always scoped to administer all deployments and projects.

> * **Billing admin**: This role does not refer to any deployment or project.

Reviewer 2: these apply to cloud connected too

Author: updated
